feat: add first time orientation pattern using interstitialScreen (#615)
carbon-design-system/carbon-labs: packages/react/src/components/WhatsNew/__stories__/WhatsNew.mdx

  - [ViewStack API](#viewstack-api)
  - [Bubble API](#bubble-api)
- [Example usages](#example-usages)

> - [First Time Orientation Pattern](#first-time-orienation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [First-time orientation pattern](#first-time-orienation)
```

Actually, if we move this out of WhatsNew, you can probably just use:

```suggestion
- [First-time orientation](#first-time-orienation)
```

export default App;
```

> ## First Time Orienation
> First Time Orienation pattern is build using [InterstitialScreen](https://ibm-products.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-onboarding-interstitialscreen--docs&globals=theme:white;viewport:basic) component from @carbon/ibm-products. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## First-time orientation
The first-time orientation pattern is built using the [`InterstitialScreen`](https://ibm-products.carbondesignsystem.com/?path=/docs/experimental-onboarding-interstitialscreen--docs&globals=theme:white;viewport:basic) component from `@carbon/ibm-products`. 
```
